----- NOTES FOR BUILDING A NEURAL NETWORK -----
sum = inputs * weights + bias
output = activation(sum)
The weights are usually initialized randomly while the bias at 0.

----- INFO -----
Softmax:
Softmax is typically used in the output layer of a neural network
when the task involves classifying an input
into one of several (more than two)
possible categories (multi-class classification).

Although both sigmoid and tanh face vanishing gradient issue,
tanh is zero centered,
and the gradients are not restricted to move in a certain direction.
Therefore, in practice,
tanh nonlinearity is always preferred to sigmoid nonlinearity.

All hidden layers usually use the same activation function.
However, the output layer will typically use a different
activation function from the hidden layers.
The choice depends on the goal or type of prediction made by the model.

Feedforward Propagation:
the flow of information occurs in the forward direction.
The input is used to calculate
some intermediate function in the hidden layer,
which is then used to calculate an output.

Backpropagation:
the weights of the network connections
are repeatedly adjusted to minimize the difference
between the actual output vector of the net
and the desired output vector.

----- CSV -----
fgets() :
	char *fgets(char *str, int n, FILE *stream);
	str: pointer to buffer where the string will be stored
	n: max number of char to read (including \0)
	stream: input stream to read from
	reads up to n-1 characters
	OR up till a newline (\n) / end-of-file (EOF) is encountered
	append \0 at the end (if \n was read, it will be included)
	return NULL if no char was read
fopen() :
	If the file specified by filename does not exist, it will be created.
	If the file already exists, it will be overwritten,
	meaning its contents will be cleared.

----- TODOs -----
TODO: find how to train the network (Louis's script can help)
TODO: check wether the transformation from image to list is working correctly
TODO: actually test stuff
TODO: search how to store the "old" network (to reuse)

TODO: finish the csv stuff
TODO: convert everything so that it makes use of the csv files
TODO: check for a correct number of neurons in a layer
TODO: change name of structures.h ?
to make sure of no problems with structures.h if det-seg

----- NB -----
/!\ if a function was completely erased or modified
it was moved to old/functions.c
(except maybe if the function was modified little by little)
